README.md, before:

# Transaction Processor

## Technology Used
- [Spring Boot](https://spring.io/projects/spring-boot)
- [JUnit](https://junit.org/junit4/)
- [OpenCSV](http://opencsv.sourceforge.net/)
- [Java Xml Parser](https://docs.oracle.com/cd/B28359_01/appdev.111/b28394/adx_j_parser.htm#ADXDK19090)


## Implementation Changes - Version 1.0-SNAPSHOT

- Added two implementation class under Transaction Processor.
```java
class CsvTransactionProcessor implements TransactionProcessor {}
class XmlTransactionProcessor implements TransactionProcessor {}
```

- Since default implementation is supported by an interface,
following methods implementation is in TransactionProcessor interface.
```java
interface TransactionProcessor {
	default List<Violation> validate() {}
	default boolean isBalanced() {}
}
```

- Introduce new enum called ViolationEnum for error handling.

- Added test scenario inside src/test/resources folder.

## Implementation Changes - Version 1.1-SNAPSHOT

- Upgraded to Spring Boot
- Moving class to their respective package

Commit message:

- Expose endpoints for CSV and XML - Added integration test for Controller - Fix transactionProcessor saved list issue

README.md, after:

# Transaction Processor

## Technology Used
- [Spring Boot](https://spring.io/projects/spring-boot)
- [JUnit](https://junit.org/junit4/)
- [OpenCSV](http://opencsv.sourceforge.net/)
- [Java Xml Parser](https://docs.oracle.com/cd/B28359_01/appdev.111/b28394/adx_j_parser.htm#ADXDK19090)


## Implementation Changes - Version 1.0-SNAPSHOT

- Added two implementation class under Transaction Processor.
```java
class CsvTransactionProcessor implements TransactionProcessor {}
class XmlTransactionProcessor implements TransactionProcessor {}
```

- Since default implementation is supported by an interface,
following methods implementation is in TransactionProcessor interface.
```java
interface TransactionProcessor {
	default List<Violation> validate() {}
	default boolean isBalanced() {}
}
```

- Introduce new enum called ViolationEnum for error handling.

- Added test scenario inside src/test/resources folder.

## Implementation Changes - Version 1.1-SNAPSHOT

- Upgraded to Spring Boot
- Moved class to their respective package
- Added TransactionProcessorController to handle request for both csv and xml
- Added integration test for Controller
    - CsvTransactionProcessorControllerTest
    - XmlTransactionProcessorControllerTest

Future Changes :
- Although there are two api for transaction upload, can simply it one single endpoint.
- Currently content-type is hardcoded in controller, pass it via configuration.
- Separate integration and unit testing.
